Not long after we freed New Vestroia, King
Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and transferred
their powers to six Bakugan.
Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands and the
stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
This waiting is making me restless.
We may not have all six of the attribute energies
yet, but I feel like taking the BT system out
for a test drive...
And I think I know just the place to do it.
[maniacal laughter]
[\u266a]
[Low, startled roar]
It's wonderful to see how quickly things have
returned to normal, after we were freed from the Vestals.
[squeakS]
What is this metal beast?
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: The Day New
Vestroia Stood Still.
Dude, are you kidding me?
You've had this thing the whole time and you didn't tell us?
Yeah, Marucho. What's up with that, huh?
Quiet guys. Let him concentrate.
Here we go. This should do it.
Good afternoon to you, my fellow Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Hey Klaus, how are you, man?
It's been so long.
I see that living on Vestal hasn't affected
your sense of style.
Still rocking the 16th Century pirate thing.
Well Dan...
Thanks for the compliment, but we've more pressing
issues to discuss.
Guys, you've gotta help us.
They've come back!
Hydron and his posse of Vexos scum!
You can't be serious!
I'm so sorry Master Dan...
Hydron ambushed us in the park and he took the Haos Energy.
Just don't beat yourself up, Baron.
They're stronger now.
If Klaus and Sirenoid hadn't stepped in, Mylene
would've taken my Darkus energy too.
So it looks like the Vexos are calling us out?
Just like the Ancients said, they're after our
six attribute energies with the BT System.
And now that they've got the Haos Energy, they're
one step closer to activating it.
At least they don't have the element of surprise anymore.
We know what we've gotta do...Time for us to go to
Vestal and face these Vexos clowns head
on...It's time we shut them down for good.
[Ad-libbed words of agreement]
Don't worry guys.
Julie and I can hold down the fort just like before.
Yeah, we're old pros at it now!
Hmmm.
All right, then.
Next stop: Vestal!
[Ad-libbed words of encouragement]
[\u266a]
No pressure, Doc.
But we're counting on you.
You gotta get us all to Vestal in one piece.
Yes, I understand.
You'll be fine.
This isn't a slingshot, you know.
Be careful when you get there, okay?
Don't worry. We're the best, remember?
What's this?
The radar is picking up an atmospheric anomaly
emanating from New Vestroia.
What do you think it is?
The Vexos. Who else?
But that doesn't make sense.
None of the Bakugan possessing attribute
energies are there.
Maybe it's a distraction to throw us off their tails.
Or maybe it's another attack on our people.
Elfin's right.
We can't ignore it.
What do you think, Dan?
I don't know ...It could be a decoy, but...it could
also be a trap to lure all of the attribute energies
to one place.
Oh man!
I'll go check it out.
Huh?
You made a good point.
It's probably safer we split up anyway.
We'll catch you later in Vestal.
Are you sure?
He's fine. He's almost as tough as me.
The Dimension Transporter has locked on to the coordinates.
If you're going to jump now's the time to do it.
You'll be fine, Shun.
Just remember to hold your breath.
Say hi to New Vestroia...Okay, buddy?
[\u266a]
Ingram was bestowed with the Ventus Energy.
It'll be one sorry Vexos who makes the mistake of
messing with him.
I know that it is a great honour and responsibility
to have been given the Ventus Energy, but since
my Evolution.
I don't feel right.
I worry that I'm not ready for such power.
Sensors are picking up two life forms headed for New Vestroia.
They appear to be a Bakugan and a human.
Perrrrrrrfect.
Right on schedule.
[\u266a]
This looks like New Vestroia, but where are
all the Bakugan?
Is it possible we've been transported to the wrong planet?
No we're in the right place.
But even though this is my home, it seems strange to me too.
What the? Ingram, what's wrong?
If we're really in New Vestroia why are you still a ball?
I was wondering the same thing myself.
It doesn't make any sense.
We destroyed the Dimension Controller...I don't understand.
The Dimension Controller is not responsible.
Huh?
There is a new danger here.
Skyress!
[\u266a]
I had always hoped I'd see you again...but not under
these circumstances.
You look beautiful, Skyress.
Skyress, please tell us.
What is this new danger you speak of?
We're here to help you Skyress.
Tell us what happened.
Earlier this morning, a strange metal sphere
appeared in the sky.
A sphere?
Before any of us knew what to make of it, it had
embedded itself deep into the ground.
[\u266a]
A beam from that did this to you?
Yes.
You don't understand how painful it is, after being
enslaved to be granted freedom, only to have it
ripped away from you again.
The Bakugan are a peaceful race.
I don't understand why this keeps happening to us.
Blasted Vexos.
Don't you worry, Skyress.
We're here...We drove these creeps out of New
Vestroia once, so there's no reason why we can't do it again.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!
[\u266a]
[yelp, pain]
[Grunt]
Shun!
Are you okay? What was that?
Ah! Blast!
it's an incredibly powerful electric force field.
Whatever this thing is the Vexos don't
want anyone meddling with it.
Cracking that shield is impossible.
Blasted Vexos.
Hmmm.
You're our only hope, Shun.
Without the Bakugan Battle Brawlers, we haven't got a
chance against the Vexos.
She's right, Shun.
There must be something we can do.
Please...
Well, if we can't destroy this thing, we'll have to
figure out another way to defeat the Vexos.
We can do this Ingram!
We just have to do this.
But how?
What a pity for Shun that he has you as a partner.
What did you just say to me?
Hold on, Skyress...
No, don't defend him. Where's his fire?
Where's his courage?
These are his people that need to be saved yet he
cowers like a frightened child.
How can one so weak call himself a Bakugan?
What!
No Skyress...
Forgive me, Shun, but I only speak the truth.
Come on Skyress...Ingram is no coward...I trust him
with my life...we're partners.
Shun...
I meant no disrespect, Shun...
Sorry to interrupt the reunion, kids.
Don't worry, this won't take very long....I came
to retrieve the Ventus energy.
[Laughing]
Come back and watch me take the Ventus Energy
from Ingram. This is gonna be fun!
Lync is no match for Ingram and I.
Bakugan Brawl!
That electro-shield had to hurt, Shun.
I thought you were gonna cry.
Keep talking, Lync.
I demand you return the Bakugan to their natural state!
Oh wow...Such tough talk...Your Bakugan has a
lot of nerve talking to me like that.
Pretty brave standing so close to the BT System.
This is the BT System?
Well, a part of it anyway.
If you think this looks impressive now, just wait
til we get all the attribute energies and power it up.
The BT System really is a thing of beauty.
There's nothing beautiful about a tool of destruction.
Well...beautiful or not, you have to admit it's
pretty impressive.
I mean, it's not fully powered yet, but it's
still able to emit dimension rays that trap
your Bakugan in ball form.
[Laughter]
Come on, Shun.
Why the angry face?
I can't wait to introduce Mechanical Aluze.
Only fools joke in the face of battle, Lync...
So, are you ready Ingram?
You bet!
Gauntlet activated.
Gauntlet, Power Strike!
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Aluze, stand!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Master Ingram, stand!
Hah!
Prepare to be humbled by...
Ventus Master Ingram!
Ability activate, Wind Power Extreme!
[\u266a]
Hup!
Huah!
[\u266a]
Hmmm...Ability activate, Giga Armour!
How annoying.
Double ability, activate!
Wind Echo plus Wind Split!
[Roar]
Hoh! Hah!
Hah!
Okay...now, I'm reading your mail...Fusion
Ability, activate
Aero Aegis
[\u266a]
[grunts, pain]
Blast this thing!
That's why I love the Aero Aegis.
It really sticks it to you.
Or rather you stick to it.
Ingram!
So much for the Ventus Master Ingram.
[laughter]
I...
I call Trap Bakugan Ventus Slash
[\u266a]
Thank-you, Slash.
A Trap Bakugan, eh?
That's a weak move that only an amateur would
try...Gate Card, open!
Forcement Wind!
With Forcement Wind, Aluze's power level goes
up 100 points for each Bakugan on the field with
the same attribute...
Whether they're friend or foe.
No way!
And now... Ability activate!
Ability card, set.
Thunder Striper!
[Grunt, pain]
So Shun...have you had enough yet?
Shun, please! You must use me!
Are you sure?
Yes!
More than anything.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ventus Storm Skyress, descend!
[shrieks]
Skyress!
[\u266a]
Ability, activate!
Whirlwind Lightning Sword!
[whistles] That's pretty girly.
I really hate this kid.
Not as much as I do.
You had your chance and you failed, Ingram.
Now it's my turn.
[groans, defeated]
Shun!
I've got your back.
Double ability, activate!
Thunder Strike open!
Plus Green Wave!
[\u266a]
Aluze!
You think you're so cool.
You're not the only one with sick skills.
Ability Activate!
Sling Boomerang!
[exertion]
[grunt, exertion]
Wait, Ingram!
Had enough humiliation?
Ability activate!
Blaster Bind!
[grunts, exertion]
Ability, activate!
Armoured Intense Mode!
[soft grunt]
He's toast!
Give it up, man!
Ability activate!
Air Lance!
[grunt, pain]
No. Ingram!
Is he okay?
Shun!
No Skyress!
Ability Activate!
Lightning Talon!
Now feel the wrath of Skyress!
Aluze!
Whatever, dude...No big deal.
One more round and your precious Ventus energy is
mine anyway.
Are you okay, Ingram?
I'm so sorry, Shun.
I've fought a clumsy battle today and because
of me, the Vestals might still win the Ventus Energy.
It's these new powers.
I'm not sure that I'm worthy of them, or even
ready to use them.
This evolution has me so confused.
Many would consider it a blessing but I think it's
a curse.
Ingram...
Withdraw yourself from the rest of the battle...
You are nothing but a detriment to us at this point.
What?
In battle your head cannot be clouded, especially not
with self doubt.
Come on, Shun.
Let's finish this.
She's right.
Ingram's too unsure of right now, and Lync is too
strong a competitor.
Gate Card, set!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
Storm Skyress, descend!
[shrieks]
So Ingram's sitting this one out?
Let's defeat this feather duster !
Bakugan Brawl!
Ability activate!
Dora Cannon!
Blast that flaming chicken out of the sky!
[\u266a]
She's under heavy attack...What kind of
warrior would I be if I just sat here and did nothing.
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Storm Skyress descend!
Dude, could you be more lame?
Ability activate!
Drive Storm!
[\u266a]
He's nullified my gate card!
Two Ventus a Trap Bakugan and still you
can't beat me?
[laughter]
[Shrieks]
Skyress!
[Gasps, pain]
This is ridiculous.
I must embrace my new powers.
[Screams]
I will not run from battle.
I will fight...for Shun, for Skyress, for me and
all Bakugan!
Send me in, Shun!
But Ingram...
I won't lose to the Vexos.
I will not let them defeat me!
Alright...only if you're sure.
I am!
Ingram...
Let's take the fight to them!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
Hah! Ho!
Ventus Master Ingram
Has returned!
Yeah, yeah...you're a tough guy...you know I've
heard this all before.
Ability activate!
Air lance!
Moonlight Slash!
[\u266a]
You will not take this energy from me, boy!
Whoa, he's mad.
[grunt] Activate Shadow Wing!
[\u266a]
Shadow Wing.
I don't know that, it must be part of his...
...New Attribute Energy Powers.
Oh man!
Ventus Shadow Wing, Stand!
[\u266a]
Ability, activate!
Ninjitsu Combo!
Mighty Fangs and Vista Wing!
[roar]
Haaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
[\u266a]
Alright, you wanna fight?
See how you like this.
Ability, activate!
Dora Cannon!
[\u266a]
[exertion]
What? How'd he do that?
[mighty battle cry]
[\u266a]
Yeah...well...took your three Bakugan to beat my one.
Who cares?
In the end, we still have the Ventus Energy and you don't.
Your arrogance was no match for our will to win!
Will to win?
I'll show you idiots the will to win!
Next time you see me coming you better run the
other way!
Shun...Ingram...Thank you.
Well, we may not have destroyed it, but at least
we delayed the launch of the BT System.
Shun, I owe you an apology.
I hope my self doubt hasn't given you reason to
doubt me as well.
Huh?
And Skyress...
Skyress?
I'm glad I don't have to worry about you anymore, Ingram.
Now that you believe in yourself.
The Ancients chose you to bestow their powers upon
for a reason.
Never forget that.
I won't and I have you to thank for that, Skyress.
You and Shun make a good team.
Take care of each other.
We will.
I promise.
It was so wonderful to see you both again, even
though it was for the last time.
Good-bye Shun.
Good-bye Ingram.
Good-bye Skyress.
We'll miss you.
Skyyyyyyreeeeesssss!
[\u266a]
We finally made our way through the Dimension
Transporter to Vestal and found Klaus waiting for us.
But he wasn't the only one there to greet us.
Volt showed up and challenged us to a battle,
then Spectra and Gus appeared out of nowhere.
Pretty soon it was a full on Vexos party.
Only we weren't really in the mood to celebrate.
Come to think of it neither were they.
We're talking serious crazy time.
Tune in next time to check it out for yourself.
Time to throw down, Drago.
Bakugan, brawl!
Rock on, Brawlers!
[\u266a]